hey what is up YouTube it is me the
Raleigh to you and guys right now I'm
making a video because yesterday season
four preseason came out and I played it
and I just think it is extremely awesome
i love the new masteries and stuff that
are in the game i think it's really cool
i like what they did with the new jungle
camp some people that i know i'm not big
fans of this jungle camp but i mean i
don't know I personally enjoyed a lot
another thing I enjoy is rewarding
supports because i am support now i do
play support sometimes in rank though
but i like rewarding supports especially
with those gold items if you're playing
support definitely you want to pick one
of those up it's like a coin thing
you'll see it it's a recommend an atom
for a support it's an essential item
that you must get if your support
because it gives you cooldown reduction
ap man or men or region and gold per
second and the passive is every time you
do not last hit a minion you get for
gold if you upgrade are fully armed the
first one just gives you two gold that's
like 375 or 365 forgot which one but
they're just both really good so that's
a good support item also the free
trinkets make a free wards another good
way to reward a support because you know
if you're playing support you know you
don't want to spend all your money on
stuff you also want to you know maybe
get a few kills well maybe feel powerful
but yeah um so yeah I just select the
season for changes a new champion coming
out forgot exactly what his name was
it's a yasiel ya su why a sua y su oh
and I um but he's really good
at ease it looks so good like from what
his abilities he's got two different
passives is one passive he his crit
strike is doubled and then he moves
faster when he's full he gets a roof
shield and taking damage mounting
champions his cue goes towards the enemy
just really good and I could knock on
airborne his Wu's a passive and um it's
dashing replenishes his flow faster so
I'm guessing he doesn't use mana which
he was pretty awesome and when he
activated he creates a wall of when that
slowly drifts Ford for a few seconds and
the wall blocks all enemy projectiles
his three he like gases a fixed distance
see one enemy dealing damage and marking
them briefly if he uses a sweeping blade
during this time and I successfully the
ability deals extra damage up to a cap
and his alt is called last breath and he
teleports to a nearby airborne enemy
champion briefly suspending them and all
surrounding air borne out of me's in
midair and as he damages at once he
lands he gained significant armor
penetration against his enemies bonus
armor for an extended period of time so
looks pretty good am he's just he's been
mid late and he's pretty good team
fights so yeah that's all you own to say
I'll talk to you guys in my next video
and stay tuned with the giveaway he had
to be a subscriber and like the video
and comment down below if you won the
xbox one yeah the giveaway wool and on
December fifth so I'll see you guys that
you